one of the first steps to the permanent
makeup process is applying numbing cream
to the area that's being worked on
for this particular procedure we're
doing permanent eyeliner is that correct
all right
how you doing there Gama good
is this your first time getting
permanent makeup okay so you're about
ready to do the permanent makeup
procedure on Ana and so what kind of
device do you use to actually put the
makeup in the skin well it's a permanent
makeup applicator KP 96 which is no more
gentle than is that like a tattoo ko now
the tattoo gun is a bit more
harsh harsh a little more than you
actually need for something like the
eyeliner so this is a little more gentle
less discomfort for the client okay
and then what's uh what's that in the
tube they're tagged for after the skin
it's open okay there's no discomfort
okay and we're using a color called
burnt toast kind of in between black and
brown okay
now I notice that some women and have
permanent makeup done it starts to turn
orange or color what causes that lack of
correctors in the ink and these inks
have the crafters are in them so that
they don't think that oh so it's all
about using a good high quality ink then
high quality ink yes okay and I see
you've got some ice in the cup there
what's the ice for to help to soothe
after we're done with the
procedure and kind of wiping in between
okay awesome
all right well I guess we're ready to
get started right so Anna do your I feel
good enough thank you very known okay
well looks like we're ready to begin the
next step
crunching something too
Rivas helps it to stay in place a little
piece of plastic
nope codes it from running down the side
okay so we're about to begin the
procedure and the ink has just been
applied to the applicator and let's see
how this goes
let's see if the numbing cream really
really did its job
how's that feel Anna close so it doesn't
hurt at all
more irritation than anything else
silly little irritation
get that much thing
so using a different numbing agent even
though she says she's not feeling
anything this game is broke we put a
little more
it takes a couple passes to get the ink
and the skin
well you're not making any noise of all
Anna are you awake yeah it's kind of
relaxing
all right well we'll let you continue on
and we'll come back and visit you again
a little bit later on okay so we got the
top line are done and now we're going
for the bottom liner
still comfy hello
kind of stick a little one
vibration on the eyeball really
okay so it looks like we have completely
one eyeliner down and we got one more to
go so how was your first eye Anna skin
looks really good right now wondering
you're all done will be cool to see with
your eyes totally open all right but no
pain no pain so for anyone who might be
reluctant to get this done because they
think it's gonna hurt too bad what would
you say well that's why I was scared to
do it at first but it does not hurt at
all all right perfect all right well
let's get the other one done and we'll
talk to you when you're all complete all
right okay it looks like you're all done
so how was it that's good is it not no
real pain or discomfort okay I love it
very cool see you a little bit bruised
right now so we'll get some shots of you
once you've filled up slightly but it
looks good we can see it nice
improvement already yes all right
you